improve docs (#355)
Ripple-TS/ripple: website/docs/guide/events.md

# Event Binding with Props

> Ripple deviates slightly from the platform in terms of event binding. Like most

Reviewer: this is weird `from the platform`, should be `from the standard` and it's not in terms of event binding but purely based on the event naming with camelCase.

`slightly` also a strange choice, i'd just omit it and say `in terms of event naming...`

Author: "from the platform" is referring to "use the platform", a term you might have seen floating around the Svelte sphere of influence, and also the the docs for [SvelteKit](https://svelte.dev/docs/kit/web-standards). The use of "slightly" is to prime readers for the next sentence. (Attempting to prevent React migrators from thinking that Ripple has a full on synthetic event system)

> Ripple deviates slightly from standard JS in terms of event names. Like most
> frameworks except for React, we rely on the native event system of the browser.
> However, Ripple doesn't use the same all-lowercase props/attributes to bind
> events -- a camelCase convention is used instead, shown below:

Reviewer: nit to to get rid of the em dash completely and rephrase a bit simpler.

otherwise, need to replace 2 double dashes with one em dash —

```suggestion
Like most frameworks except for React, Ripple relies on the browser’s
native event system. However, Ripple doesn’t use the same all-lowercase
props/attributes to bind events. Instead, it follows a camelCase convention,
as shown below:
```
